Question: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?
Ans: Viewing the diff really helped as it marked those areas where changes has been
made.
Cons: Well you actually have to do it yourself.
 So I don't have to scan the entire files(both of them) but just the areas
Questions: of changes.
Cons: Well you actually have to do it yourself.

Questions:
Question: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
Ans: Having easy access to entire history will make it easier for us to revert
back changes and also keep track of the changes as of why and when it was made.

Question: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved,
like Google docs does?
Ans:
Pros:
You get to choose when to commit.So every commit corresponds to a logical change
and is easily trackable.
Cons: Well you actually have to do it yourself.

Question: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Ans:
Google Docs has no notion of a project or repositories. It treats each file as
separate so it makes sense for them. Git however chooses a repo view to look at
each commit.

Question: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Answer: git log gives you the ids and the comment of the commits you made in the past.
Also those ids act as a handle to look at that particular version.
Diff allows you to compare between two different versions of same file

Question: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
I can straightaway make changes without worrying much about the remembering them
as I can always get back to them using diff.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I would like to set my side projects using Git
